Fix $urltransform description (#519)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase: docs/general/ad-filtering/create-own-filters.md

> #### **`urltransform`** {#urltransform-modifier}

Reviewer: Maybe it could be changed to:
```suggestion
#### **`$urltransform`** {#urltransform-modifier}
```
The same like it's done in the case of other modifiers.

> The `$urltransform` rules allow you to modify the request's path and/or query by replacing the text matched by a regular expression.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `$urltransform' rules allow you to modify the path and/or query of the request by replacing the matched text with a regular expression.
```

Author: Fixed the possessive form. I don't agree with the second edit, though: it changes the meaning, making the statement incorrect :)

**Features**

> - `$urltransform` will only be applied to to the path and query parts of the URL.

Reviewer 2: to to

||example.com/secondpath^
```

the request to `https://example.com/firstpath` will be blocked before it is sent.

> However, `$urltransform` rules will **not be re-applied** in this case to avoid infinite recursion, e.g., with the following rules:

Reviewer 3: Tbh, this should be listed as a known issue of CoreLibs implementation.

Author: How is avoiding an infinite loop an issue? :)
